---
layout: events
category: events
title: "Vespers in Remembrance - Gary Wolfman, guest conductor"
location_name: Christ Church Lutheran
location_address: "3244 34th Ave S, Minneapolis, MN 55406"
location_url: "http://www.christchurchluth.org/map.html"
date: "2013-11-10 16:30"
published: true
---

Bach’s hauntingly beautiful **Cantata 106** was written early in his life while the great master was still working through the grief of losing both of his parents as a boy and then a number of other family members as well. Gary Wolfman conducts this intimate work and Heinrich Schütz's **Aus der Tiefe** on the occasion of the 75th anniversary of Kristallnacht, the beginning of the Holocaust. A freewill offering for a local community nonprofit will be received during the service.

**The Elm Ensemble, led by Sally and Josh Messner**, performs the music of early Lutheranism in liturgical contexts. Sally Messner is a professional musician and teacher based in Minneapolis. Josh Messner sings professionally and is the 
director of the Christ Church Lutheran music series.

**Gary Wolfman** is on the artistic staff of the Greater Twin Cities Youth Symphonies. He was music director of the Fox Valley Symphony youth symphony program in Appleton and president of the Wisconsin Music Educators Association. He holds a music education degree from the University of Wisconsin-Eau Claire and a graduate degree in orchestral conducting and music education from the University of Wisconsin-Madison. Gary has served as the religious director for Congregation B’Nai Israel in Oshkosh for nearly thirty years and has received extensive rabbinical training.


